2016-12-22 11.37 Project 2017 Stargile Rewrite - Kick off - ECN process

0:01
Right.

0:01
So we're going to talk about Star Joel com activity tool Star Joel with a view for the 2017 projects is to replace Star Joel with our own in house development.

0:15
I think that that can be broken down into two parts focusing on the ECN 1st and then the second one is the purchase planners workbench.

0:27
I think that those two things can be separated.

0:30
There will be crossover in the administration side and in the setup of users and processes and things like that.

0:40
But for the large part, if we could look at the ECM area first as a replacement development tool and then we'll also cover the purchase plans workbench in another session.

0:55
Is that fair enough of you guys?

0:58
So using some of the earlier PowerPoint and documentation that connectivity put together, my understanding is this goes back to 2008.

1:13
Let's step through what they put forward.

1:18
So Startronics or SRX approach connectivity saying that they need better traceability of any changes that the engineers do to build materials to routing to MPNS, things like that.

1:42
And because of the medical products and then ISO traceability requirement, from my understanding, that's a large part of why Star Gel was developed in 2008.

1:58
At a second aside, and I don't know if John can comment here, it may be that this tool makes it a lot easier for them to put through changes.

2:12
You know, I think it would do.

2:13
I think it's an all in one tool within.

2:17
They normally do it through Movex, but well, there is an old work instruction on how to create a bomb in Movex.

2:24
It goes back to 2002 when Movex was first used by the company.

2:29
So that would have been the old, the way of creating and changing bombs would have been very manual process directly in Movex.

2:37
Then obviously somebody, in my opinion, somebody's come along and said, oh, there might be a better way of doing this.

2:42
If we write a Barnacle application that talks to Movex, they're allowed to do all these changes and applications.

2:51
And the other record was extra information because Movex doesn't keep water trails.

2:55
Yeah.

2:56
Then with this medical business that that we, we need better traceability and visibility.

3:03
There was no way Movex can manage that.

3:05
So I think that was the reason that this was born.

3:08
I also think that there's authorization given to the engineer may initiate or the customer may initiate a change in let's say a ball.

3:18
Just use one simple example.

3:20
We need a replacement component or an additional component and also there might be a change in the routing, things like that.

3:30
So the customer would initiate it, communicate that with perhaps someone in the programme team who then communicates it to the engineer.

3:37
The engineer does the ECN, the engineering change.

3:41
Note that then has to go to the document controller for authorization and there's this star job covers off the steps that this transaction for one of a better word, it starts and gets authorised upon the final authorization.

4:03
And that's when Movex is updated.

4:06
So there's full traceability about additional notes, who changed it, what date, you know, perhaps comments on why.

4:16
So we'll step through that.

4:17
But that's my belief.

4:18
Yeah, I think that's how it works.

4:19
Yeah.

4:20
It's initiated by an engineer normally and then it goes to like an approval, a document approval process, someone QAI think, then they say, yeah, everything looks in order, blah, blah.

4:33
Not sure what they check.

4:36
And then it then goes on from there and they action the the change or the addition or the removal or or whatever.

4:44
Also when new items are added to the item master file.

4:48
So there are, there are four, there are four ECM processes and we have each one is separate, they're connected, but they're separate.

4:57
I think this PowerPoint will take that through.

5:00
If it doesn't, let's let's revisit.

5:01
That's a good point, John.

5:03
So as you can see here on the, they're saying, what's the problem?

5:07
Well, the existing engineering change in that process didn't satisfy the medical accreditation requirements.

5:13
And perhaps in 2008 that's they had more medical customers and that's what they mean by newly acquired business, the need to provide an ECN management processes including workflow approval and audit traceability, a short implementation timetable.

5:31
And then I think this is an additional number of gaps were identified in the areas of the purchase proposal processing.

5:38
Now I'm making the assumption that this can be approached in 2017 in a 2 step process, but that may have, we may have to revise that as we go through this.

5:49
I don't know if there is you know a need for I think there's a direct connection, but I'm not sure.

5:56
Yeah, well, well that's right.

5:58
I am also aware that COM activity had quoted a certain amount for this project and that it definitely had a project overrun and over budget to a very large extent as a result of that.

6:16
Some of the frustrations of us coming in five years later and having user support requests or errors or issues is it's it's almost like it hasn't been finished off.

6:34
And I have since learnt that there was a point in time in the project they went, that's it.

6:40
We're not going to go any further stop.

6:44
So when you're looking at that this the tool, bear in mind that you may want to take it a little bit further to make it more usable.

6:56
The other comment and we can come back on this is I've already said to Thomas, Thomas separately that consider what is the best programming language or tools to use to recreate this based on our current environment, based on scalability, where we want to go, based on the network, you know, Jehoboru, Melbourne where the data centre is, all of those factors.

7:25
Just bear in mind on the development side, if there is a best practise or improvement changes.

7:32
But as far as the look and feel given our user base, I would highly recommend.

7:39
I'm happy for you to put a comment in here, John.

7:42
I would highly recommend that.

7:44
There's a very similar tree structure to the menu and even the screens are very similar.

7:52
Second iteration we can do improvements, but as a replacement 2017 replacement project I would suggest that we go very close to what we see.

8:04
So we.

8:05
I agree mimicking as closely as possible to what they used to will reduce the pain of change.

8:14
Which would.

8:17
You gotta close them.

8:18
There you go.

8:18
Yeah.

8:19
Because that would actually help you, John, more than anybody, I would imagine.

8:25
They're going to contact you first anyway.

8:31
Unless they finance that you, Thomas.

8:32
And then even even if they're funny.

8:35
I read Thomas.

8:35
He doesn't live in Peru, which is bloody Miguel.

8:38
Yeah.

8:39
So the developers.

8:40
Yeah.

8:40
So you can move to Peru.

8:43
So let's move to the next one.

8:46
One of the benefits that they're citing is the engineer change that can be used for addition, additions, changes of deletions.

8:56
And this is, no, I don't know, it's all right.

8:59
Not quite correct.

9:01
OK .1 items including item, warehouse, art facility tables.

9:04
That's not quite correct.

9:06
OK.

9:06
So it may be unfinished.

9:07
That part might possibly be OK.

9:12
For instance, give you an example where we've been doing some back door stuff in the item warehouse table is all the engineer, the engineers in Melbourne and Jahor have been doing a data cleaning exercise for Ivy and Victor.

9:31
Because there's a lot of components there that are in the old market files that are active status, 20 active components that we haven't bought in 20 years and we're never going to buy them again and all actual water whatever, but they're still there.

9:45
So they've been through a big exercise where they've cleaned a lot of this up.

9:48
And an ECN was directly to the main item master file allows the component status to change from a 20 to 90 through the through an ECN process.

9:59
So we've got then traceability that all these items or components had their status changed from an active to an inactive in this state by this ECM number.

10:12
But apart from that is that the item warehouse table, which is something a little bit more specific, it has a status in that as well.

10:20
And the ECM process doesn't manage that status.

10:24
So people just go straight through Movex and change it.

10:29
Well, there's a resistance to do that because there's 56000 items I don't want to go through manually and do it.

10:35
So we've been doing it through backdoor SQL.

10:37
So it changes the parent record, but it doesn't change the warehouse item record.

10:48
OK, So the items including item warehouse, I'm taking that as a yes, of course.

10:52
And and then I have facilities where standard cost is stored.

10:56
Yes, there may be a never really looked in that area.

10:58
So therefore this can be A to me that's an unfinished part of it, a point of improvement for our in house development.

11:07
Yeah, the only thing we've got to be careful of there, and I've sent this to both engineers, one in Jahora, one in Melbourne, is that if you've got a common, if you've got a component in the in the in the main master, you've got to make sure that it's that's no longer used in the Melbourne facility, but it's still used in Johor.

11:30
You can deactivate it in the Melbourne item warehouse table, but you must keep it active in the item warehouse table for Johor.

11:39
And therefore the parent therefore must be active.

11:43
OK.

11:44
And they went, oh, yeah, never thought of that.

11:49
You're gonna be careful what you do here, guys, you know, like don't delete this and try and keep this one active thinking that it, you know, ain't like, gosh, well, I think that's a good, really good point.

12:00
So let's, this is where I think there's a benefit in having it here.

12:05
Is that just flesh this out of the big pitch view.

12:07
Yeah.

12:08
And I think that's a great.

12:08
I'm not sure what the earliest tables are.

12:14
Alias, that's what that is, yeah.

12:20
I have to look at the ECN templates to see if anything covers alias tables.

12:25
Certainly product bombs and routes is is covered and MPNS is covered.

12:30
Yep.

12:31
And it's all done through ECN process.

12:33
So there's the MPN process.

12:36
There is is Movex is not native to that at all.

12:40
So the only way an NPM or manufacturer's part number can be added is through the ECN process.

12:45
Any stores that are in a separate star gel table as opposed to a move X to MPM?

12:52
Yeah, MPM your numbers, yeah, yeah, OK, fantastic.

12:59
So you can upload through a template.

13:02
We know that and the summary screen shows the before and after details of the changes.

13:11
The in detail line view can modify their new lines and up to 9900 lines per ECN.

13:22
OK, more benefits tracks rejections.

13:30
You can cancel an ECN.

13:33
There are validation rules, the I'm just going to make a note of that because I think there's a there's another document.

13:42
I've learned only some of this from Branco.

13:44
Some of this I've never seen in action.

13:45
But the validation rules you try and add a component in the bomb ECN for for a for a parent item.

13:56
You try to add a new component, but that component doesn't exist in the item master.

14:01
The ECN cheques it first and says I can't add you with the bomb because you don't exist in the item master.

14:08
So it validates that the item master record must exist for that component first.

14:12
Yeah, that's the only awareness I am of the validation rules I've seen.

14:17
I'm just taking a note for myself.

14:19
I'm seeing an email from, I think Robert Gold with a whole lot of validation rules that he outlined and that you've just triggered me, you know, I think now has been able to find that email through her search of the old thing.

14:37
But I'm just putting a note there to I'm going to create a area that we can put all of these documents so that it's all together rather than we going around the world.

14:49
OK, move X update success, failure reporting.

14:55
Well, I've never seen that.

14:57
I, I think that's something that wasn't finished.

14:59
That was the problem you had recently, wasn't it?

15:04
So I think that's that's perhaps where they had planned to do comprehensive reporting there.

15:11
And you know, I'm going to be fair to them.

15:14
If the project was cancelled, then it's incomplete workflow reassignment and use the worklist functions item item warehouse, item facility on route forestry.

15:27
I've not seen that.

15:28
I'm not sure where that is in Mivex.

15:30
It doesn't.

15:33
I don't think I got Greco to comment on some of this.

15:36
Yes.

15:36
OK, so we may be because I don't know where the item warehouse inquiry screen is, so no idea.

15:42
So I'll just put down a note slide through.

15:44
You mean like, yeah, the bomb one would show you the bomb.

15:54
Yeah, and the route would show you the route.

15:56
Yeah.

15:56
And I and I have or MPN when you search for an MPN, it would bring up Yeah, OK, audit trail down to field level for nominated field.

16:10
I mean, we do have it's just a, it's a very close event, I'd say.

16:18
As I said, it was incomplete.

16:20
Alright, let's keep going.

16:21
But I'll, we'll make note of asking Branco for some of these gaps here.

16:26
So I don't know if you can see that, but this is they did a flow and I think they stepped us through it by hitting games on this one.

16:37
Maybe not.

16:39
This is entry point.

16:43
Create an ECN as you can read adding it by whatever the upload that's a spreadsheet.

16:55
And then, yeah, so that what sorry what that was saying is you can use the start old tools to just do one line change or go and stick multiple lines into an issue.

17:05
Check with break on that.

17:06
But the ECN is created in Excel and saved and then it is saved as a text file.

17:14
And I think it's the text file can't delete it.

17:18
Not, separated.

17:19
OK, I think that's what gets uploaded.

17:21
Yeah, I think, but again, because I don't do that, I'm only going on what the years pick up when Branco won't mention it all.

17:30
Shamara, one of the other engineers might happen to say something.

17:33
Yeah, I think I'm on the slide or OK, so we get back here.

17:47
So obviously the the initiator confirms it.

17:52
Well, we've got compulsory and optional here.

17:56
So there can be a review by these different team members whether they're in quote team production engineer, programme manager, engineers, purchasing or test engineers or pre approval.

18:16
There's a preliminary review pending and pre approval or we go straight to the document controller and and I think that's typically what happens.

18:24
And I think what happens here and I'm not sure from the practical perspective, whenever I create a new star child user, it is mandatory that they have an email address.

18:34
Yes.

18:35
Now in these processes where it goes from one person to another, how that happens is I believe that user then gets an email application from Star Gel saying there is an ECN we're waiting for you to inspect and approve or whatever.

18:50
Then that person then goes into Star Child and has a look and does their thing.

18:55
And when they sign off on it, it Star Gel then knows OK, the next person now needs to do something is this person.

19:03
It then sends them an email saying now it's your turn to do something.

19:09
Look at how it works.

19:10
Yes, the nice thing we have is we have a test environment that we can look at Star Joel, and it's linked to Company 300 in Movex.

19:22
So it's, you know, a great test environment.

19:25
Initially, I didn't think that they had had that set up, but yeah, yeah, it is.

19:32
So it's a different link.

19:33
And I'm not sure if Renko and Shamara and Seifel in Jahor have access to the Star Gel test environment as engineers, could they go in there and do a bit of fitting around?

19:47
OK.

19:48
Renko just keeps beginning his pass.

19:54
So this is quite a complicated diagram and I think when you see.

20:01
An ECN flow, it'll this will make no sense.

20:04
The document controller is obviously the compulsory gatekeeper at each point and the signature thought that would be Paul post him somewhere in there I think, but I'm not sure if it's probably Sudan or someone.

20:21
Yeah, Sudan is Melbourne gets Yeah, alright, so this is their process flow and they've got the different roles.

20:33
We have seen this John and I and I think it, it looks so complicated.

20:38
I don't see this used as, as much as it's suggesting here, but it it allows for this deeper process flow if required.

20:52
So let's just further information and flow on that, OK?

20:59
So that's the crazy option.

21:03
Yeah, yeah.

21:11
Document controller check is compulsory.

21:20
No step was selected, therefore the process skips this stage.

21:31
The big one, that's the calls to the Movex APIs, and it's showing how the emails are sent.

21:44
If there's an error later on, the document controller can update Movex again.

22:02
So the statuses I don't think this particular document covers the statuses and I don't know that I've seen a document saying it right.

22:12
OK, so that's perhaps again start this is Sergeant will actually do that the error message because wasn't that a problem?

22:22
It doesn't like there was a problem and no one was notified of it at the time.

22:32
With updating the notes, Ecns will stay at a certain status.

22:36
So for example, we've got currently got a problem with if if someone wants to delete a component off a bomb and there's maybe 20 changes for for a particular item.

22:52
And out of those 20 changes, one of the action items isn't delete.

22:58
It's getting to what's called status 50 and not going further.

23:02
And there is an error message that says timeout that.

23:06
So what I don't know is that you have to go looking for the error message or does the document control get an email saying there's an error?

23:16
I believe it hoping that's what happened.

23:17
I think the document controller gets an email.

23:20
I think also there's a job on Monday morning.

23:25
Yeah, there's one.

23:25
They're called Open DCNS.

23:27
Yes.

23:29
That goes to the engineering team, I believe.

23:32
So in other words, if something's not closed, hanging around for a while every Monday, they'll see it come up and they don't want they they get.

23:41
I know Min and Jehor gets onto the engineers and they're wise.

23:44
And this condition, yeah, is easy and completed what they have to.

23:47
What's the problem?

23:49
That's part of it, No, but that's part of the ISO, the audit, the mandatory requirements.

23:55
So there is a form of communication.

23:58
I think you can at anytime look at what's called my work list and see what's pending in action with you.

24:06
So if you're a document controller, it'll all be there and the ECM will remain at status 50 is my understanding and a need to get to 90 to be successful.

24:17
Please correct me.

24:18
I've never seen a, a list of all the statuses and their various meanings.

24:23
Let's, let's see how we go.

24:29
And I think that's the email message.

24:37
You see, he goes, he gets involved as well.

24:39
Yeah, gets involved.

24:40
Well, I actually get, well I have had, I'll show you I've got had some of those because someone put me down and I remember Branco getting crossed with someone saying stop putting cameras.

24:57
OK, final approval by the engineering manager and the ECN is complete.

25:07
In this step.

25:08
The process sends an email to the document control confirming it before you.

25:12
There you go.

25:13
So that's that one if you have a look here.

25:23
So you aware of Star Gel?

25:26
Have you seen this before?

25:27
You have been set up, have I?

25:30
Yes, I've seen.

25:31
I've never been on it before.

25:33
Double check it anyway.

25:35
No, I did check it before that next one there.

25:41
Yeah, operating on the angle.

25:47
Now there's a quirk that I cannot explain if you look at.

26:02
Now if you have a look at your setting, it's the same as John and myself and we're logged in as Ivan.

26:09
I'm logged in as Ivan.

26:11
It is exactly the same things that are ticked my and this is, you know what group do you belong to which dictates what you can do on the menu.

26:23
And obviously, if you have maintenance read only click, then that will sometimes muck around with what you can see when you've got full control.

26:32
Again, I've never seen a full explanation about each of these things.

26:36
So anyway, the, the, the curious thing that I found, and I think John, you found the same thing is you go look at something that you know, you can do in perhaps, you know, process administration and it's not showing you everything when you're logged in as Karen Lewin.

26:51
But if you go in as Ivan, all of a sudden everything's revealed, even though all the same options, yes, of what we can see here from a user administration.

27:03
So we don't understand.

27:04
So we haven't killed off that old.

27:07
We just use it right.

27:13
I don't think we I don't think we'd have an enjoy.

27:16
I think I did initially.

27:18
I actually I did.

27:18
I did actually before your time I did and went nowhere.

27:23
And so I think you'll if you I don't know if you remember this John when you arrive.

27:27
I said exactly this can't explain it have no explanation from connectivity.

27:32
We just accept this as our realm.

27:35
We just use the I Romero as the administrators, but we can use ours as well.

27:40
Yeah, right.

27:41
So so you're set up, you'll be able to go in and have a look.

27:44
And as I the other quirk is I've done that.

27:50
I can't explain this either and I had to learn this the hard way is that Movex being an old system is not overly case sensitive.

27:58
So but it tends to like uppercase.

28:01
Like if I put a user in T Armstrong in upper, when I create new users near, I actually have to create them in lowercase.

28:11
And it's case sensitive because what I find is users go into Movix and they use they use uppercase and they try to go into start job using uppercase and it doesn't recognise their login.

28:21
And I say to them login in lowercase and they come in.

28:26
OK.

28:28
So I I to me that's a coding issue, I think somewhere, but I'm not sure.

28:33
Yeah, but but because in other parts where you see them inside the purchasing module, you'll see their name with a mixture of lower and uppercase.

28:44
I don't know.

28:49
I don't know when you're logging in, it has to be all lower case.

28:51
Yeah, Yeah, I just found that as a quick.

28:55
Yeah, I don't know why.

28:56
Yeah.

28:57
I mean, it should be passwords should be case sensitive.

29:01
Yeah, they usually are.

29:03
There's not.

29:04
It's not only the password, it's the user ID.

29:07
Yeah, case sensitive.

29:10
Right.

29:10
But there the programme must be converting the username into lowercase.

29:15
Yeah, well, but if we go into, you're going to users, get back to users, Yeah.

29:19
And put in Thomas's name in upper.

29:26
Yeah.

29:26
And then do a refresh.

29:30
It has no idea who that is.

29:32
No one's usernames come up with any uppercase letters in it in that list.

29:37
Well, I think John, you can have uppercase letters.

29:40
Yeah, I think you you would put everyone in and lower.

29:41
I think John's refreshed everybody, so you'll see everyone is lower.

29:49
Yeah.

29:49
OK, moving on, you'll hear that some people refer to Stargel as COM activity and I believe that's because of that's what they see at the top of the screen.

30:02
It's just becoming interchangeable.

30:04
That's OK.

30:05
I think the versioning is the version of their development.

30:08
I don't think that there's it all could be a link to our perfect one.

30:14
The other thing we've found is it has to run off Internet Explorer 9 3032 bit.

30:23
It was written specifically for Internet Explorer.

30:26
OK.

30:28
The minute you try and run it from somewhere else or a later version, yeah, or this is my understanding why I've had I've seen it.

30:39
You can see this.

30:41
But the minute you go into say here, you don't see the this or you won't see you.

30:51
You won't come here on some screens and you won't see the next thing, it'll be blank.

30:56
It'll be just blank.

30:58
So yeah, Internet Explorer used to have its own JavaScript libraries basically I think it's finally going to standard once the same as everyone else there.

31:13
But if that was written just for the for the Microsoft specific staff, well, go back, it was written in 2000 and seven, 2008.

31:23
What for?

31:23
Well, we were, it was probably written for the latest version of Internet Explorer at that time.

31:28
Yeah, yeah.

31:31
Which I and I don't know what that what that version is, but certainly with Windows 7 and Windows 10 and whatever there's more recent versions of.

31:43
So the initially up until 2000 and 14 SRX was paying an annual maintenance fee for this.

32:02
There was a little minor trap for one of the better words in the initial contract that wasn't picked up and that that was that despite paying annual maintenance, it meant no patching.

32:16
It meant no bringing it up to date.

32:20
So it.

32:21
Were you paying for nothing?

32:22
Yeah.

32:22
Were you paying to use it even though you paid them to write it for you in the 1st place?

32:30
Yeah.

32:31
Doesn't make any sense.

32:34
A trick for Yeah, you got a hidden trick.

32:39
So anyway, so it was, it came to the order of 22,000 or something like that, Australian dollars per year and I think it was payable in June.

32:55
It would have perhaps been 2014 was the last payment of that.

32:59
And then in 2015, I noticed that we didn't receive another invoice and it was the joke was, well, let's not remind them because we're not getting any benefit that I think I can, I could possibly put my opinion on that.

33:19
Now that I think that I want to employ, I don't think they want to keep supporting it.

33:26
I, it may be because their key developer moved from Australia back to South America.

33:32
There could be a whole lot of factors here.

33:35
It it's one of the other compelling reasons why this company is vulnerable.

33:40
And if you know, we're not going to push for it, there's no benefit from paying that.

33:47
It doesn't assure us of having access to the original developers and there's no patching or upgrade.

33:53
So we are another benefit of replacing this tool is that we don't have to stay back with Internet Explorer versions.

34:04
OK, So for the first stage, can I would like you to consider looking at replacing and writing all of the things that are associated with the ECN for the maintenance, the request, the upload, the cancel the work list, All the other area obviously is down here with the process administration.

34:27
You can see a whole lot of things here.

34:30
Obviously as an administrator we see this other people don't.

34:35
It would obviously be maintain email addresses as a requirement job scheduler.

34:42
Not really not familiar with that things on, you know, what is this about?

34:46
The security is a maintenance, all these sorts of things.

34:51
From what I can tell when they referred in the PowerPoint to being able to see different things.

34:59
I can go into generic data maintenance and do a bit of querying on the data there on their tables, but there's no reports and there's no inquiry screens that I'm familiar with.

35:12
Or, you know, yeah.

35:14
Now I don't know whether that validation rules, hmm, just come up with anything.

35:22
Nothing in there.

35:23
So it doesn't even get allowed to do an F4 look up.

35:26
Yeah.

35:27
To give you a list of what validation rules are available.

35:29
Yeah, I do have.

35:31
So it must be hard coded and I do have as it's in a thing from Robert Gold in the second phase and then it's I'll discover what we're talking about.

35:41
Now unless we find out otherwise is obviously this the purchasing planners workbench and everything associated with that, the approvals for PPDS and purchase price.

35:52
Yeah, variance or we may need to have that populate that does a very specific function, right.

36:02
And I have got it explained to me in an email.

36:04
I have to go and find the email because I queried it and said to them what the hell does that do populate MPN model in the purchasing module?

36:12
Yeah, and I don't remember who came back to me.

36:18
Someone from CA came back and tell me what that does.

36:22
I mean, oh, OK, so can I put a note in John to I do have an email follow up explaining what that what that does email.

36:32
I think it actually has a separate table.

36:35
It does something OK, it cheques something to see if something exists and if it doesn't then it has another action when someone hits that function.

36:44
But I don't remember the specifics of it.

36:46
I'm sorry.

36:47
OK, so we don't, so we don't know why it's actually here on the purchasing and we don't know if we need it for easy.

36:51
Yeah, OK, we'll come back to that one.

36:53
Alright, so that's basically and what there's a warehouse function there as well.

37:00
Also, yes, I, I don't know what that is, but I think it's something to do with balance money.

37:06
They, they do goods receiving of PO's.

37:09
Now, I don't know if this is used because I thought they did receiving of PO's directly into Movex and then after the receiving was done, they printed labels.

37:20
So I don't know if that's if that's used or not.

37:23
I'd need to go and talk with Simone or whatever.

37:29
But I mean, I don't think we have to worry about that site at the moment.

37:32
No, OK.

37:34
I've never looked in there.

37:34
I've never talked in there.

37:36
So just some other things I've found.

37:39
This is all on SharePoint.

37:42
I put in Sajal and then I put in common activity in the search and these sorts of documents came up.

37:51
Also jump over to what John has said through as well.

37:57
I have checked and I've added your access to some of the areas that came up for work instructions that I think are handy to know and you weren't necessarily on for example, supply chain in SharePoint.

38:11
So I've added you and you've pretty much got the same access as John in my in every area.

38:19
There's no need for you to be on finance.

38:21
So I haven't put you on that, but but yeah, so easy and rejection process, I don't think we should step through that now, but it basically is a little, you know, process flow and rejection resolution.

38:45
So here we have references to statuses.

38:47
If it's 65, that means it's the final approval pending.

38:52
If it's less than 50, it's waiting for the move X updates.

38:56
So we could possibly glean these from some of these documents if it's less than 50, if it's ECN is less than or equal to 50 or equal to 58.

39:08
Movex update is 10.

39:09
So it has Movex hasn't been updated.

39:12
That's right.

39:13
Yeah.

39:13
OK, so less than equal 50 explains then that the current errors for these ones that will be getting a 50 that is 50.

39:21
OK, that makes sense.

39:25
And then when ECN equals 65, that means final approval.

39:34
I'm just writing this down.

39:35
So if in case we see it elsewhere pending.

39:39
So it means to me that Nuvix is updated and it goes back to the DC, the document controller, yes, to do a final sign off to say all done closed.

39:48
And then once she or he does that, it must then go to status 95, I'd say.

39:53
So let's have a look here.

39:55
Well, let's have a look.

39:56
I'll see if I can.

40:00
Can I use that OK to go down?

40:06
So if we have, if it's less than 50, it goes here to screen 4 and there'll be comments there.

40:18
Proceed with it or restart.

40:21
If it goes to screen 5, then it's waiting for the final approval.

40:29
If it's proceed, let's go down here the next one proceed with ECN.

40:40
An email is sent to the user who raised the rejection and everyone is oh OK so this is worthwhile looking at further.

40:55
And obviously Ecns can be restarted back to 5 S Status 5 is preliminary and a new task request.

41:12
ECN will be treasured in the shares with things like that.

41:17
Perhaps in that first flow chart was very small and hard to see.

41:23
There might have been things on status in that, you know, the PowerPoint.

41:30
OK, so that's that one.

41:32
This one was the things to do with MPNS.

41:37
It was just A1 pager.

41:43
I don't really know if there's anything to add there.

41:51
On the side, John, for that what what's the table, what's the moving screen?

41:57
What's it CRCRS 620 supplier open.

42:02
So the suppliers of MPNS are set up differently to the suppliers of components.

42:14
That's the wrong way of saying it.

42:18
Manufacturer is set up differently in the supplier.

42:22
So they're saying here the manufacturer doesn't exist.

42:24
They use a temporary supplier and once the new manufacturer has been created, an amended ECN is created by the engineer to change the manufacturer from that to that.

42:37
And so then the name gets updated.

42:43
That's interesting.

42:45
Maybe that's what that populate Yeah and pen is yeah, maybe that's what that is it actually moves it off the temporary manufacturer to the got the real input why it's under purchasing is that purchasing have to know who they have to get that part from Yeah, I might have just discovered it.

43:05
OK, going back to the documents that.

43:16
Some of the documents including on you found John you sent through to me the this specification and you'll see Robert Gold on 2000 so January 2008 I guess we're coming up to 9 years old next month.

43:35
Yeah.

43:37
So this, we won't go through it all here, but this will give us the background and what they're trying to do project scope, there's obviously amendments as well.

43:59
Anyway, So what I've looked briefly at is to try and find does a delete ECN, you know which API does it call?

44:13
It doesn't tell me, not that I can see, but you'll see references here, John, to some of the things that are prefixed by there that are the Comm activity built tables.

44:25
Yeah, I could.

44:29
Second reference is another one.

44:31
Yeah, it's another Comm activity table, not a Rubix table.

44:35
Yeah.

44:37
So there's a lot of material, as you can see, to consume.

44:41
And I think I believe this will help at least get you into that.

44:48
Yeah.

44:48
World.

44:52
So it's not what else you're doing.

44:53
13 hours on LA.

44:55
Talk to his girlfriend.

44:59
Talk to his girlfriend.

45:02
Boring.

45:03
OK, so this is interesting.

45:08
Look at this.

45:11
Miguel is the business consultant, the technical person.

45:16
Torbin somebody is quality cult that's Danish or Swedish, Yeah, yeah.

45:19
And Krista is the project manager and he obviously would know the business.

45:26
But anyway, so Torbin who knows if he's still around.

45:29
Is COM activity based in Australia mainly or over family?

45:35
So let's have a look.

45:36
Is there anything here that requirements?

45:45
No, we have recommended the comic TV will also run on Linux.

45:52
OK, OK, so that that's that document over here.

45:59
I'll make all these available to you.

46:03
We've looked at the rejection process.

46:07
I believe there are samples of the the templates.

46:13
Yeah, yeah, there's you've got, I think you've got a copy.

46:15
There's a new item there.

46:18
One.

46:19
OK, I can't remember if that's the Oh no, that's October 2014.

46:23
So that would would not be the new.

46:24
Then the item 1 is, is version 2, I think I've called it.

46:29
So purchase proposal portal document.

46:33
I can't remember what this one is, Is it?

46:38
Well, that's, that's what we're not going to cover off yet.

46:46
You, I think, created this, didn't you?

46:56
Or did I?

46:57
No, I've got, I've got a text file with that stuff in it.

47:02
I think I did some tests.

47:07
Yes.

47:08
Yeah.

47:09
We were looking for something that's general what we're looking for.

47:13
Yeah.

47:13
So that's OK.

47:19
We've gone over that.

47:20
We've gone over that.

47:21
All right, So then the only other thing that I found of interest in doing this was by doing a search OnStar Joel.

47:35
I came up with a whole other things.

47:38
Some of them we've just excited like that one.

47:43
But there was also, I don't know this 1, I'll just open up this one as a as an example.

48:03
And there were a lot of work instructions similar to this that were related to the purchase side.

48:10
I know we're only looking at the ECN side.

48:18
And I already have it open.

48:20
I know.

48:22
OK, so this to me is a control document for by the document controllers and it explains a whole lot of terminology.

48:35
It also I think goes into what people need to do on a operating it, how to function it.

48:50
I don't.

48:50
I did see this ECN type always used ECOI don't know what ECO means.

48:55
I've never heard of that.

48:56
OK, so anyway, I'll just make these documents.

49:09
I've never read this document.

49:11
I don't think I've ever seen this one.

49:15
It's in the start in the in the the master document area.

49:19
See it's a control point, OK.

49:23
And just to flip through it.

49:31
So the, I guess the point being of this is there's a lot of information on the background that we've got.

49:41
John Chester.

49:43
Yeah.

49:43
Well, they would they would do a he does a review of all documents.

49:48
Now the next thing that I don't really have any information on.

49:52
And the final thing is moving to when you need to update move XI Don't know that I even searched this.

50:05
I don't think there's any.

50:07
I did find a thing by Robert Gold.

50:14
Was it this one?

50:16
This was one of them, I think a closed issue that was raised.

50:21
Yeah.

50:22
So this issue was raised a long time ago and it's talking about using an API for stock location change and it goes through a few things there.

50:32
I only found that interesting because this is who was involved at the time, but I don't have anything else on Movex Avis and I don't know if we can get that information from anywhere.

50:55
I do see on the Movex user forums that people use them and I don't know, I get confused when I hear things like RPG or Java API or M3.

51:13
Which one are you using?

51:15
Don't know where we are at.

51:17
Well, I, I believe my opinion would be that we're on RPGAAPIS, which is what Suzanne is looking at right now as we speak.

51:26
Yeah, because they need an RPG person to to see what happens when this delete function is invoked to see what it's actually doing.

51:36
She's examining the RPG code at the moment.

51:41
Yeah, I Movex code.

51:46
Who?

51:46
Who's this?

51:48
Suzanne is a connectivity RP RPG.

51:53
She specialises in RPG code.

51:56
So she, because we're still using an old RPG version of Movex, we need changes made or whatever.

52:02
She's has to go and look at the code to see what needs to be done to see if it can be recompiled change and whatever.

52:08
There all the all the new stuff.

52:14
Movex is on Java, Yeah, but be nice to be updating, but going to happen.

52:26
So this is it cost a bit, but I don't know in Movex tables.

52:34
Yeah.

52:34
So MPDMAT is the bill of materials components set.

52:44
So this document Sid mass has been to master.

52:50
I don't know if this is of any help but this came up with APIs as well for now.

52:58
And are we able to see the source code for the current start drop?

53:08
I don't know.

53:10
We're just, we can in Java, we can go in onto the STX Commack server and have a look there.

53:17
Yeah.

53:18
Anyway, are you showing me a yeah, screen with how to clean software?

53:23
It was yeah, yeah.

53:24
Remember they used a framework tool and then rebashed it.

53:30
OK.

53:30
So I think APIs and that is an A next step sort of learning curve.

53:37
But I just want to finish on that note.

53:40
But this is a finish on this because I think, I think, I think and Miguel's got coding there that in Java that calls a specific API in Movex to allow the two applications to talk to each other and and from one to pass data to the other.

54:01
But how he uses that coding to say how does he open the?

54:06
How does he open the call?

54:07
I don't know.

54:08
And then actually that make that doesn't make sense.

54:15
If his his code is to call an API and he the codes in Java, how does he tell an API what to do?

54:24
What does the API already know what to do if it's in FPG, how can you never talk to me?

54:30
Well, no, you you've like a gameplay between translates function calls from one to another language to another.

54:39
Yeah, OK returns the data in the format for that programming language that you're working with and said success or file of thing which returns a Yeah, returns whatever valuable Yeah, could be.

54:53
It could be retrieving data or just giving a command which requires that you know true or false answer.

55:05
So I did find a long time ago people giving advice on how to call an API, and the way it was presented was that if you're a super user of Movex or M3, you can do this.

55:24
But it's a long time since I looked at that.

55:26
And I don't know whether that's something that Max can give us some, a manual, or if there's something available, it's probably timely.

55:37
We can ask Max.

55:38
He's moved away from connectivity.

55:40
It would have been raised some alarm bells, I guess.

55:44
Why are you wanting to do API calls on Movex?

55:49
Yeah.

55:50
And look, it's not that there's no wish to move away from COM activity here.

55:56
It's a judgement call of where are we in the business at risk with using a tool.

56:04
You know, there has been a diminished support and increasing frustration with problems.

56:12
So that was never finished.

56:15
No, and and they're not, we're not getting the support we need now.

56:19
So I don't think they'd be surprised.

56:23
In fact, I think they'd be relieved.

56:25
But given the advantage that Max has moved away, he's helping us steal another thing.

56:30
Maybe it's timely to be able to say, is there a, is that something that you would be asking to ask Max for any, any instructions and stuff?

56:43
And I'll do some research of what I found before.

56:50
Other than that, and it may be early for you to comment, but having seen what you've seen before the meeting, I said, what would you consider the best way, the best thing to build, build to duplicate this that gives us, you know, some future proofing and and whatever is it that something that you can which language?

57:13
Yeah, probably between PHP or Java.

57:21
Not sure which the best one to go in.

57:31
They both have similar functionality in terms of being able to call APIs and stuff like that.

57:36
But yeah, I know the code might be different between the two languages, but they could still like an ECM past data from large job to to release.

57:53
It should be able to, I mean, APIs work with most languages, wouldn't they?

58:00
Yeah.

58:00
Well, maybe it wouldn't be like an open, it'd be like XML.

58:05
Yeah.

58:05
So.

58:05
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

58:07
So any language you can talk to it.

58:09
Yeah, it wouldn't.

58:10
It wouldn't.

58:11
An API you wouldn't think would restrict itself to so so.

58:22
There you go yeah, I think what what do we version 1212 point something Yeah, we were the last RPG.

58:35
I don't remember all the versions OnStar Job from the there you go 12.4 RPG and and star job is 12.4.

58:47
So they've they've they've aligned those two numbers.

58:56
API Movex version 12 RPG on version 7R1 problem.

59:03
Oh, hello.

59:07
Is that a message you're getting?

59:07
Failed to initiate IPC connections.

59:11
That's on version 6.

59:12
That's V6R1.

59:14
It was the one underneath that.

59:24
Alright, this one, yeah, V 701 W on V703.

59:32
Well, do you remember I put in the notes that when we went from version six to seven three, it was still working, but IBM said, oh, you got, you got to go from version six to seven or seven one and then 7/1 to 7/3 and that's when after that it failed time out PMS 070.

1:00:09
Oh, PMS 070 is a work order command that I think closes off the work order or or does something like that.

1:00:19
PMS 070.

1:00:36
OK, Anyway, you got Sue's hand looking at that.

1:00:38
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

1:00:40
So I guess what I was looking for is, is there information that they give you to, you know, I should.

1:00:52
Yeah.

1:00:54
Movex Interface Development Kit.

1:01:04
Now we have got CDs.

1:01:14
Yeah.

1:01:16
Of what?

1:01:18
And now knows where there's all the all the install version, all the installs of Movex, our full licence.

1:01:23
She's got a little CDs because there was something that rumour I drove out to George the the gasless place put in his letterbox 1 morning to try and develop a few definitions in Internet Explorer, in Rivex Explorer and they didn't he didn't have them.

1:01:42
It still didn't work, but it's what we bought when we when we bought our initial licence.

1:01:47
So she might have the this API development kit somewhere in the install this that she's not aware of because we don't use them directly.

1:01:56
Yeah, one call group, just John, I know when was this date, I think all.
